README.md, before:

# Boilerplate for creating React-component npm packages with ES2015

My first open source project. Be nice :)

Easy way to set up a react component as a npm package. A starter point for React components that you want to be published on Npm.

Bundled with [Webpack 2](https://webpack.js.org/)

It includes linting with [ESLint](http://eslint.org/) and testing with [Jest](http://facebook.github.io/jest/), [Enzyme](http://airbnb.io/enzyme/).

Documentation heavy inspired by [Julian Ćwirko](https://github.com/juliancwirko) and the [https://github.com/juliancwirko/react-npm-boilerplate](https://github.com/juliancwirko/react-npm-boilerplate) package.

## Usage
Im using yarn but just replace with npm if you want.
1. Clone this repo
2. Inside cloned repo run `yarn install && rm -rf .git && git init` and update `package.json` with your package name.
3. If you want to run tests: `yarn run test` or `yarn run testonly` or `npm run test-watch`. You need to write tests in `__tests__` folder or as `.test.js`.
4. If you want to run linting: `yarn run lint`. Fix bugs: `npm run lint-fix`. You can adjust your `.eslintrc` config file.
5. If you want to run test: `yarn run test`
6. Bundle with `yarn run build`
7. Or production build with `yarn run production`
8. If you wan to test if it works correctly in another project you can use npm `npm install -S ../react-npm-component-boilerplate` Note the relative path
E.g. this folder structure
 
    
    ./workspace/
        MyProject
        react-npm-boilerplate
        
9. TODO: how to publish package

## License

MIT

## Good to know
As of now you need to install react-test-renderer to skip warnings from jest: 

`yarn add -D react-test-renderer` 

**Source:** https://github.com/airbnb/enzyme/issues/875

Will get some error like this:

    `console.error node_modules/fbjs/lib/warning.js:36
        Warning: ReactTestUtils has been moved to react-dom/test-utils. Update references to remove this warning.
        console.error node_modules/fbjs/lib/warning.js:36
        Warning: Shallow renderer has been moved to react-test-renderer/shallow. Update references to remove this warning.`
        
## Resources
* http://kloc.io/setting-up-react-workflow-babel-webpack/
* https://facebook.github.io/jest/docs/webpack.html
* https://webpack.js.org/guides/code-splitting-libraries/#manifest-file

Commit message:

Refactored to be used as a global package

README.md, after:

# Boilerplate for creating React-component npm packages with ES2015

yarn global add react-npm-component-boilerplate
npm install -g react-npm-component-boilerplate
react-npm-component-boilerplate my-component

Easy way to set up a react component as a npm package. A starter point for React components that you want to be published on Npm.

Bundled with [Webpack 2](https://webpack.js.org/)

It includes linting with [ESLint](http://eslint.org/) and testing with [Jest](http://facebook.github.io/jest/), [Enzyme](http://airbnb.io/enzyme/).

Documentation heavy inspired by [Julian Ćwirko](https://github.com/juliancwirko) and the [https://github.com/juliancwirko/react-npm-boilerplate](https://github.com/juliancwirko/react-npm-boilerplate) package.

## Usage
Im using yarn but just replace with npm if you want.
1. Install module as global `yarn global add react-npm-component-boilerplate` or `npm install -g react-npm-component-boilerplate`
2. Update `package.json` with your package name.
3. If you want to run tests: `yarn run test` or `npm run test-watch`. You need to write tests in `__tests__` folder or as `.test.js`.
4. If you want to run linting: `yarn run lint`. Fix bugs: `npm run lint-fix`. You can adjust your `.eslintrc` config file.
5. If you want to run test: `yarn run test`
6. Bundle with `yarn run build`
7. Or production build with `yarn run production`
8. If you wan to test if it works correctly in another project you can use npm `npm install -S ../react-npm-component-boilerplate` Note the relative path
E.g. this folder structure
 
    
    ./workspace/
        MyProject
        react-npm-boilerplate
        
9. TODO: how to publish package

## License

MIT

## Good to know
As of now you need to install react-test-renderer to skip warnings from jest: 

`yarn add -D react-test-renderer` 

**Source:** https://github.com/airbnb/enzyme/issues/875

Will get some error like this:

    `console.error node_modules/fbjs/lib/warning.js:36
        Warning: ReactTestUtils has been moved to react-dom/test-utils. Update references to remove this warning.
        console.error node_modules/fbjs/lib/warning.js:36
        Warning: Shallow renderer has been moved to react-test-renderer/shallow. Update references to remove this warning.`
        
## Resources
* http://kloc.io/setting-up-react-workflow-babel-webpack/
* https://facebook.github.io/jest/docs/webpack.html
* https://webpack.js.org/guides/code-splitting-libraries/#manifest-file
